Pushcut (#1220)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.pushcut.md

# Pushcut

> The Pushcut node allows you to automate work in Pushcut, and integrate Pushcut with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Pushcut features, including sending notifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pushcut node allows you to automate work in Pushcut, and integrate Pushcut with other applications. n8n supports sending notifications with Pushcut.
```
